README.md, before:

# **Someday I will**

## Overview
This app will allow users to search books, movies and tv series by entering keywords (title, author, etc.).
After creating new account, user will gain access to his own watch/read later lists.

## Live demo (deployed to AWS Elastic BeanStalk): [click here](http://somedayapp-env.eba-dsmnvmrd.us-west-2.elasticbeanstalk.com/swagger-ui.html#/)

## User stories
 - [x] User can create an account
 - [x] User can upload his avatar
 - [ ] User can choose between movies or books on the front page
 - [ ] User can select his own watch later/ read later list or input query to find books/movies
 - [ ] User can click on movie/book to see details
 - [x] User can add movie/book to his watch later/read later list

## Used tools & technologies
* Spring Boot 2.2.4
* Java 11
* Maven
* JWT
* MySQL
* Flyway
* Swagger 2
* Docker (including Docker Compose)
* SendGrid
* Thymeleaf
* Lombok
* Mockito
* JUnit 5
* RestAssured
* Testcontainers
* GitHub Actions


## Setup:
***IMPORTANT:*** To make this application work you have to provide valid Google API key, Sendgrid API key and MDBDatabase API key.

```
$ ./mvnw clean package
$ mkdir -p target/dependency
$ cd target/dependency
$ jar -xf ../*.jar
$ docker-compose build --build-arg APP_GOOGLE_BOOKS_KEY=YOUR_KEY --build-arg APP_MOVIE_DATABASE_KEY=YOUR_KEY --build-arg SPRING_SENDGRID_API_KEY=YOUR_KEY
$ docker-compose up
```

## Used APIs
* [Google Books API](https://developers.google.com/books)
* [The Movie Database API](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/genres/get-tv-list)


### Status:
Work in progress.

Commit message:

SpotBugs plugin added. Portfolio page finished. General cleanup

README.md, after:

# **Someday I will**

## Overview
This app will allow users to search books, movies and tv series by entering keywords (title, author, etc.).
After creating new account, user will gain access to his own watch/read later lists.

## Live demo (deployed to AWS Elastic BeanStalk): [click here](http://somedayapp-env.eba-dsmnvmrd.us-west-2.elasticbeanstalk.com/swagger-ui.html#/)

## User stories
 - [x] User can create/update/delete an account
 - [x] User can log in using JWT token
 - [x] User can upload/update/delete an avatar
 - [x] User can add movie/book to his watch later/read later list
 
 To do on frontend side:
 - [ ] User can choose between movies or books on the front page
 - [ ] User can select his own watch later/ read later list or input query to find books/movies
 - [ ] User can click on movie/book to see details

## Used tools & technologies
* Spring Boot 2.2.4
* Java 11
* Maven
* JWT
* MySQL
* Flyway
* Swagger 2
* Docker (including Docker Compose)
* SendGrid
* Thymeleaf
* Lombok
* SpotBugs
* Mockito
* JUnit 5
* RestAssured
* Testcontainers
* GitHub Actions


## Setup:
***IMPORTANT:*** To make this application work you have to provide valid Google API key, Sendgrid API key and MDBDatabase API key.

```
$ ./mvnw clean package
$ mkdir -p target/dependency
$ cd target/dependency
$ jar -xf ../*.jar
$ docker-compose build --build-arg APP_GOOGLE_BOOKS_KEY=YOUR_KEY --build-arg APP_MOVIE_DATABASE_KEY=YOUR_KEY --build-arg SPRING_SENDGRID_API_KEY=YOUR_KEY
$ docker-compose up
```

## Used APIs
* [Google Books API](https://developers.google.com/books)
* [The Movie Database API](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/genres/get-tv-list)


### Status:
It works! 


### About me:
[Check out my portfolio!](http://somedayapp-env.eba-dsmnvmrd.us-west-2.elasticbeanstalk.com/)
